README.md, before:

# Blossom Bot

Blossom Bot is a Discord bot built using DSharpPlus and CommandsNext in C#. It provides various fun and utility commands to enhance your Discord server experience.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Command Examples](#command-examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features
- Greeting users and auto replies
- Basic arithmetic commands, can now handle whole equations and more complex math.
- Poll creation
- Reminder setting
- Moderation commands
- Coin flipping and more!

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- .NET SDK 
- Discord Bot Token

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/blossom-bot.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd blossom-bot`
3. Build the project: `dotnet build`
4. Run the bot: `dotnet run`

## Configuration
1. Create a `config.json` file in the root directory.
2. Add your Discord Bot Token to the `token` field.
json
{
  "token": "YOUR_DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN",
  "prefix": "!"
}

## Command Examples

- Greet users: !greet, greets targeted user.(placeholder for future on join command)

- Perform arithmetic operations: !calculate 5+3*2 (performs 3 times 2 than adds 5 in accordance to the order of operations)

- Create a poll: !poll "Favorite Color?" "Red" "Blue" "Green"

- Set a reminder: !remind 10:00:00 "Meeting in 10 hours!"

- Flip a coin: !flipcoin

- Roll Dice: !roll 2d10, this command will roll 2 ten-sided dice.
  Can also use modifiers for more table top like rolls; ex: !roll 2d10+4 will roll 2d10 then add 4 and display the total.

- Random Number: !rng 1 10, generates a random number between 1-10.

- Documentation: !docs, links you to here. 

- Some fun auto replies: If you say "hello" for example, the bot will reply to you saying "Hello there!".

## Moderation Commands

### ** Replace {name} with the username of the person you want to use the action on. **

### ** Bot must have proper permissions to use some commands. ** 


- Ban a user: !ban {name}

- Kick a user from the server: !kick {name}

- Give a role: !giverole {name}

- Take a role: !takerole {name}

- Purge: !purge 10 deletes the last 10 messages in the channel, for example. The number is specified by the user.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Fork the repository, make changes, and submit a pull request.


Replace placeholders like `YOUR_DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN`, `your-username`, with your actual values.

Commit message:

feat: readme updated for wizard powers

README.md, after:

# Blossom Bot

Blossom Bot is a Discord bot built using DSharpPlus and CommandsNext in C#. It provides various fun and utility commands to enhance your Discord server experience.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Command Examples](#command-examples)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features
- Greeting users and auto replies
- Basic arithmetic commands, can now handle whole equations and more complex math.
- Poll creation
- Reminder setting
- Moderation commands
- Coin flipping and more!

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- .NET SDK 
- Discord Bot Token

## Installation
1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/blossom-bot.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd blossom-bot`
3. Build the project: `dotnet build`
4. Run the bot: `dotnet run`

## Configuration
1. Create a `config.json` file in the root directory.
2. Add your Discord Bot Token to the `token` field.
json
{
  "token": "YOUR_DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN",
  "prefix": "!"
}

## Command Examples

- Greet users: !greet, greets targeted user.(placeholder for future on join command)

- Perform arithmetic operations: !calculate 5+3*2 (performs 3 times 2 than adds 5 in accordance to the order of operations)

- Create a poll: !poll "Favorite Color?" "Red" "Blue" "Green"

- Set a reminder: !remind 10:00:00 "Meeting in 10 hours!"

- Flip a coin: !flipcoin

- Roll Dice: !roll 2d10, this command will roll 2 ten-sided dice.
  Can also use modifiers for more table top like rolls; ex: !roll 2d10+4 will roll 2d10 then add 4 and display the total.

- Random Number: !rng 1 10, generates a random number between 1-10.

- Documentation: !docs, links you to here. 

- Some fun auto replies: If you say "hello" for example, the bot will reply to you saying "Hello there!".

### Wizard Commands

- The powerful spellbook: !spellbook will have Blossom-bot cast a random cat themed dnd spell with custom catchphrases and cast phrases depending on the spell level.

- You can look up all the info on any of the spells with !spellinfo.

- Brew some potions with !brewpotion, this will pick random ingredients from blossoms inventory and brew a potion for you.

- Summon some friends with !summonfamiliar.


## Moderation Commands

### ** Replace {name} with the username of the person you want to use the action on. **

### ** Bot must have proper permissions to use some commands. ** 


- Ban a user: !ban {name}

- Kick a user from the server: !kick {name}

- Give a role: !giverole {name}

- Take a role: !takerole {name}

- Purge: !purge 10 deletes the last 10 messages in the channel, for example. The number is specified by the user.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Fork the repository, make changes, and submit a pull request.


Replace placeholders like `YOUR_DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN`, `your-username`, with your actual values.
